Overhaul AI Gateway docs for new architecture (#2196)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: ai-gateway/providers/openai.mdx

description: Use OpenAI models through the ngrok AI Gateway.
---

> This guide walks through using [OpenAI](https://openai.com) models with the AI Gateway. OpenAI is a **built-in provider**, so ngrok.ai offers managed inference for it—use OpenAI models with no OpenAI account of your own, or bring your own key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks through using [OpenAI](https://openai.com) models with the AI Gateway. OpenAI is a **built-in provider**, so ngrok.ai offers managed inference for it—you can use OpenAI models without an OpenAI account of your own, or bring your own key.
```
